Excuse me, who is Miss Su Wanxiu?
You are
I'm here for a blind date.
Ouch, Wenhao, right?
Please sit down please sit down
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and open the window for someone
It's okay, we'll order first so that we can walk.
Wenqiu
Wenhao's family does jade business
In the tutorial, it's one of the best
And ah, in my celebration room
Liu Xiaoyu, the queen of jewelry, is still his godmother
It's Liu Xiaoyu, of course
Go one by one
Our home is just to sell some agate jadeite.
20 million profit a year
You make no money.
After dinner
What kind of store have we been to?
Pick me up and buy
How can we be embarrassed?
Enough late autumn?
What's so funny about that?
Late Autumn doesn't want to laugh because of seeing Mr. Chen
But because of Mr. Chen's identity
Think about Mr. Chen
When are you really coming, son?